docs: Improve getting started (#1095)
vercel/turborepo: docs/pages/docs/core-concepts/pipelines.mdx

## Defining a `pipeline`

> To define your project's task dependency graph, use the [`pipeline`](../reference/configuration#pipeline) key in the `turbo.json` configuration file at the root of your monorepo. `turbo` interprets this configuration and conventions to properly schedule, execute, and cache the outputs of the tasks in your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To define your monorepo's task dependency graph, use the [`pipeline`](../reference/configuration#pipeline) key in the `turbo.json` configuration file at the root of your monorepo. `turbo` interprets this configuration and conventions to properly schedule, execute, and cache the outputs of the tasks in your monorepo.
```
